ARROW-13751: Recipe for searching for values matching a predicate (#79)
apache/arrow-cookbook: python/source/data.rst

.. testoutput::

  0 .. 198

Searching for values matching a predicate in Arrays
---------------------------------------------------

> If you have to look for values matching a predicate in Arrow arrays
> the :mod:`arrow.compute` module provides a bunch of predicates that
> can be used to find the values you are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have to look for values matching a predicate in Arrow arrays
the :mod:`arrow.compute` module provides several methods that
can be used to find the values you are looking for.
```

"a bunch of" is a little informal.  Function might be a better word than method, I'm not sure.  I think we should distinguish between "predicate" (the condition we want satisfied) and "method/function" (the tool we use to figure out what satisfies that condition).  A method/function can be a predicate but I think it should return a bool (and not an array of bool) in that case.  For example `lambda x: x > 10` is a predicate but `filter(lambda x: x > 10, my_list)` is not.

> For example, given and array with numbers from 0 to 9, if we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, given an array with numbers from 0 to 9, if we
```

want to look only for those greater than 5 we could use the

> func:`arrow.compute.greater` predicate and get back the elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
func:`arrow.compute.greater` method and get back the elements
```

that fit our predicate

.. testcode::

  import pyarrow as pa
  import pyarrow.compute as pc

  arr = pa.array(range(10))
  gtfive = pc.greater(arr, 5)

  print(gtfive.to_string())

.. testoutput::

  [
    false,
    false,
    false,
    false,
    false,
    false,
    true,
    true,
    true,
    true
  ]

> Further more we can filter the array to get only the entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore we can filter the array to get only the entries
```
